Doc 1579/ttp step 2 guide pages (#563)
swan-io/docs: docs/preview/in-person/cards/index.mdx

| `totalDisputed` | The total amount of this merchant payment disputed by the customer. |

## Rolling reserve {#rolling-reserve}

In-person card payments are **not subject to a rolling reserve** by default.
This could change if Swan's monitoring systems detect suspicious patterns.

## Payment amount limits {#payment-limit}

The minimum amount to create a payment intent is **0.50€**.

In-person card payments are **not subject to a maximum payment amount limit** by default.
This could change if Swan's monitoring systems detect suspicious patterns.

## Settlement process {#settlement}

For in-person card payments, the settlement is a credit transfer.

1. When the merchant payment is created, underlying transactions are created as `Upcoming`.
1. When the settlement arrives as a credit transfer, the transactions are updated to `Settled`.
1. The credit transfer is immediately `Booked`. It affects the balance and makes the corresponding funds available. Card transactions don't affect any account balances.
1. Transactions captured on a given day are `Settled` within **one business day**. No rolling reserve applies to the settlement credit transfer.

> The minimum amount for a settlement credit transfer is **1€**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum amount for a settlement credit transfer is **€1**.
```

Card payments can be rejected for the following reasons:

| Status reason | Explanation | Next steps |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `CardNotSupported` | The card doesn't support this type of purchase. | Ask the customer to use a different card. |

> | `RejectedByCardAcquirer` | The payment was declined by the acquirer due to fraud or risk rules. | Present as a generic decline. Don't share details with the customer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RejectedByCardAcquirer` | The payment was declined by the acquirer due to fraud or risk rules. | Present this as a generic decline without sharing details. |
```
